README.md, before:

# FediMatch
Explore the Fediverse.

Meet interesting people on Mastodon & co. via an intuitive swiping interface in this new Fediverse client. Filter, match, chat and express yourself!

## Functionality
- **Swiping**: Swipe left to pass, swipe right to like, swipe up to superlike.
- **"Unlimited" swipes, likes, superlikes & unswipes**: You can swipe and unswipe as much as you want! We don't limit you.
- **Opt-in**: You can opt-in to FediMatch by connecting your Mastodon account and opting in in the settings. Users who have not opted in will have a warning sign next to their profile.
- **Matching**: You can upload your likes as encrypted status messages to your Mastodon accounts, if another person does the same, you will be matched.
- **Chatting**: You can chat with users, you have matched with or liked using private status messages.
- **FediMatchTags**: You can add tags to your profile, describing who you are.
- **Filtering**: You can filter users by their account note or **FediMatchTags**.
- **Your "Algorithm"**: You can adjust the matching algorithm to your liking by excluding traits you don't like, and prioritizing traits you do like.

## Contributing
If the app is not working as expected, please open an issue on GitHub. If you want to contribute, please fork the repository and submit a pull request!

## Data Privacy
We do **NOT** collect any data from you. The data you provide is stored on **your device** or **your Mastodon account**.

Commit message:

Netcode rework / Following
Removed superlikes
Added Following
Rewrote netcode a bit

README.md, after:

# FediMatch
Explore the Fediverse.

Meet interesting people on Mastodon & co. via an intuitive swiping interface in this new Fediverse client. Filter, match, chat and express yourself!

## Get it now!
- **Android**: [Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/s/125ba584c4)
- **iOS**: Apple does not allow more "dating apps" on the App Store. (See [App Review Guidelines 4.3](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#spam)) You can build the app yourself using the source code. or join the [TestFlight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/Xf4FTWiG).

## Functionality
- **Swiping**: Swipe left to pass, swipe right to like, swipe up to superlike.
- **"Unlimited" swipes, likes & unswipes**: You can swipe and unswipe as much as you want! We don't limit you.
- **Follow**: You can follow users directly from the app.
- **Opt-in**: You can opt-in to FediMatch by connecting your Mastodon account and opting in in the settings. Users who have not opted in will have a warning sign next to their profile.
- **Matching**: You can upload your likes as encrypted status messages to your Mastodon accounts, if another person does the same, you will be matched.
- **Chatting**: You can chat with users, you have matched with or liked using private status messages.
- **FediMatchTags**: You can add tags to your profile, describing who you are.
- **Filtering**: You can filter users by their account note or **FediMatchTags**.
- **Your "Algorithm"**: You can adjust the matching algorithm to your liking by excluding traits you don't like, and prioritizing traits you do like.

## Contributing
If the app is not working as expected, please open an issue on GitHub. If you want to contribute, please fork the repository and submit a pull request!

## Data Privacy
We do **NOT** collect any data from you. The data you provide is stored on **your device** or **your Mastodon account**.
